My goodness, you rummage through your disk collection and what do you
find? Programs that you wrote when you first discovered fractals and
GFA basic.


Ignore any messages about registration etc, this was done a long time
ago and these progs aint worth zippo but someone might find them
useful, hense the release. 

I've included the code too for the curious although haven't looked at
it, I just assume it is the most recent version.

Disclaimer. You use these progs at your own risk. I remember running
them without slip up but if they go wrong then you are on your own.

There are two progs here, one for exploring henon maps and one for
kenon maps. I forget what they are, henon one is some sort of meteor
simulation thang. That is why there is a meteor play option which
just makes a round ball fly around the screen, it is a meteor!

It has been over 3 years since I wrote these but am not sure what all
the options do etc. It would probably be better to release them
without instructions!

The reason they are being released is because they can create nice
little animated fractal movies!

I'm going to be a bit nasty here and not tell you what all the
variables are for (I don't remember!) so when you have them set the
way you want (!) select the go current option. This uses the current
variables to display the fractal.

Go New asks for the variables before starting. The variables can be
altered using the setup (alter) options.

Show movie shows the currently generated movie. (Done by GO)

Cycle movie, cycles it!

Show movies lets you load a couple of movies from the disk. It loads
and displays them frame by frame so obviously it works best on a
hardrive (I didn't have one when I wrote this though!)

Load and save data let you load and save the variables that you have
been using (If you find a fun pattern!)

Load movie loads it into memory and then you can show it.

Save movie saves the movie in memory

OK that's about it. I think that the movies have a flag saying the
res they were saved in and I don't think they will play on a
different res. I'm pretty sure that the prog works in all resolutions.

There is an enclosed hi resolution henon movie which gives a sample
of what the prog will do.

I can't remember how the prog handles out of memory stuff, but I
think it doesit ok!

I hope the progs are self explanatory 'cause you won't get anywhere
with this manual.

Enjoy,

Alan Richardson December '95


